Press - Add explicit section about trademarks + reference CDF (#2759)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/press.adoc

The Jenkins project is part of link:https://spi-inc.org/[Software in the Public
Interest], a 501 (c) (3) non-profit organization, which holds the Jenkins
trademark and acts as a legal umbrella organization.

> The project transitions to link:https://cd.foundation/[Continuous Delivery Foundation] at the moment,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project is transitioning to the link:https://cd.foundation/[Continuous Delivery Foundation]
```

> and it is also considered as a part of this foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and is an official [Continuous Delivery Foundation graduated project](https://cd.foundation/projects/).
```

Author: Founding project maybe?

Author: ```suggestion
and is an official [Continuous Delivery Foundation founding project](https://cd.foundation/projects/).
```

=== Trademark

The name "Jenkins" is a registered trademark in the USA (link:https://trademarks.justia.com/854/47/jenkins-85447465.html[#4664929],
held by link:https://spi-inc.org[Software in the Public Interest, Inc.]) in order to protect the project and users from confusing use of the term.

> For more info about trademark and its usage see the link:/project/governance/#trademark[Trademark] and link:/project/governance/#trademark-attribution[Trademark Attribution] sections of the GGovernance document. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more info about trademark and its usage see the link:/project/governance/#trademark[Trademark] and link:/project/governance/#trademark-attribution[Trademark Attribution] sections of the Governance document.
```
